hiden== Although there is an endless list of activities in Coonoor, those searching for some adventure should embark on an exciting trek through the town’s mysterious rainforests. Hidden Valley is a haven for adventure and photography enthusiasts and a nice place for a picnic with family and friends. It is one of the most unusual things to do in Coonoor.

Location 168K2 Rolston Club Road
Distance from Coonoor 15 km
Best time to visit Hidden Valley Coonoor November to February
Things to Pack Comfortable shoes, water, light snacks, mosquito repellent
More places for Coonoor trekking Droog Fort, Sim’s Park
Timings 9 AM to 9 PM


lamb===Lamb’s rock Coonoor is without a doubt one of the most famous attractions located in this quaint hill station. Shaped like a dolphin’s nose and situated at a comfortable driving distance from Coonoor, the place offers incredible views of the valley and beyond. It is one of the most famous things to do in Coonoor. You should pursue this activity on your trip to Coonoor at all costs.

Location: Dolphin Nose Road


high==A visit to the tea factories and chocolate tasting sessions are perhaps the best things to do in Ooty and Coonoor. These hill stations are famous for delicious homemade chocolates, freshly made tea, organic essential oils, skin care products, fragrances, and much more. Wear comfortable shoes and start hiking in the morning. We assure you that it will be worth it.

Location: Coonoor-Kattabettu-Kotagiri Road, Attadi
Timings: 9 AM to 6 PM
Entry fees: INR 10/- per person


law===Law’s Falls is just 5 km from Coonoor and is a perfect spot for a picnic, a summer hike, and landscape photography. The falls are surrounded by lush green rainforests and the area is perfect for kids to play around. It is one of the best things to do at Coonoor.



r-t=======Embrace your romantic side with this walking tour around the city of Kodaikanal. Visit the Shore temple for an illustration of medieval southern Indian temple architecture. Led by a professional guide, discover the lovers vowels made at this ancient site. Learn about the city's historic love stories that permeate the atmosphere, including the famous Bollywood couple of India Kajol and Ajay Devgn.


c-wlk====Coakers Walk is a beautiful man-made one-kilometre-long walking plaza built on the mountains in the mesmerizing city of Kodaikanal. The lovely path of Coakers Walk that curves by the edge of the gorgeous mountain have been constructed mainly for morning and evening walks. One can also choose to ride a bicycle to explore the scenic location. . It costs INR 30 per hour for adults and INR 20 per hour for children. 


vivek===Vivekananda Rock Memorial is a monument and popular tourist attraction in Kanyakumari, India's southernmost tip. The memorial stands on one of the two rocks located about 500 meters off mainland of Vavathurai. It was built in 1970 in honour of Swami Vivekananda, who is said to have attained enlightenment on the rock.


ssp===Sunset Point Kanyakumari is a popular vantage point located in the southernmost tip of India, offering breathtaking views of the sun setting over the confluence of the Arabian Sea, the Bay of Bengal, and the Indian Ocean.

sb==A large, white conch sculpture dating from the King Chola–era is found on this long sandy beach.

kbb==Krishna's Butterball is a gigantic balancing rock, granite-boulder resting on a short incline in the historical coastal resort town of Mamallapuram in Tamil Nadu state of India

nmr==Nilgiri Mountain Railway, also known as Toy Train in Ooty, is one of the key attractions of the popular hill station Ooty. Such is the train's popularity and history that it was declared as a World Heritage Site by UNESCO in 2005. Started in the year 1899, it has continued to charm its visitors over the past many years winding its way through the best of nature.

ot-lake==Ooty Lake is one of the most refreshing and beautiful places to visit in Ooty. It lies at a distance of approximately 2 km from Ooty city in the green hills of the Nilgiris district. The stunning lake is spread over an area of 65 acres, and its foundation was laid down by John Sullivan who was the collector of Coimbatore in 1824.


pykar-f===Pykara Falls are set amidst the backdrop of a lush green forest and are an absolute delight to witness. Pykara is the name of a village which lies at a distance of around 19 kms from Ooty, in the state of Tamil Nadu. It is also the name of a river which runs through the Pykara village, which is sacred to the natives of this land. The Pykara river flows downstream from the mountains, over a series of waterfalls, and these are known as the Pykara falls.

These falls drop into two separate sections of 55 metres and 61 metres and the sheer beauty and magnificence of the spectacle makes for an exotic weekend getaway. A perfect amalgam of clouds, water, scenic beauty and mountains, Pykara Falls are among the majestic and mesmerising sights, you will ever get to witness.

ooty about====Ooty (short for Udhagamandalam) is a resort town in the Western Ghats mountains, in southern India's Tamil Nadu state. Founded as a British Raj summer resort, it retains a working steam railway line. Other reminders of its colonial past include Stone House, a 19th-century residence, and the circa-1829 St. Stephen’s Church. Its 55-acre Government Botanical Garden lies on the slopes of Doddabetta Peak. 














