pcf==ndia's greatest tribal gathering, Pushkar Mela is held annually in November from Karthik Ekadashi to Karthik Purnima as per the Hindu calendar. It is a grand travel experience held on a vast scale. People visit the fair to witness the beauty of Rajasthani Culture. Attracting more than 400,000 tourists, funky competitions like 'Matka Tod', 'Longest Moustache', and 'Bridal Competitions', are held during the annual Pushkar Fair. Spread over five days, more than 11,000 cattle, horses and camels are part of this visual spectacle.

pu==The weather of Pushkar is typically dry with the nights being cool and days being significantly hotter. There is intermittent rainfall since this is a desert region and visiting in each season will expose you to different aspects of the city. Hence, the Summers and Monsoons in Pushkar can often be scorching and unbearable. This makes Winter (November - February) the best time to visit this enchanting city.


MF==jodhpur is a city in the Thar Desert of the northwest Indian state of Rajasthan. Its 15th-century Mehrangarh Fort is a former palace that’s now a museum, displaying weapons, paintings and elaborate royal palanquins (sedan chairs). Set on on a rocky outcrop, the fort overlooks the walled city, where many buildings are painted the city’s iconic shade of blue.Explore Jodhpur holidays and discover the best time and places to visit. | Mighty Mehrangarh, the muscular fort that towers over the Blue City of Jodhpur,16 minutes from Blue city wonders

JM===The Jantar Mantar, Jaipur is a collection of 19 astronomical instruments built by the Rajput king Sawai Jai Singh, the founder of Jaipur, Rajasthan. The monument was completed in 1734. It features the world's largest stone sundial, and is a UNESCO World Heritage Site. It is near City Palace and Hawa Mahal.

Kh==This cluster of grandiose havelis is less than 200 years old. Build in radian yellow sandstone, it is virtually the first structure you will see after entering the heart of Jaisalmer. About six stories high it features lots of latticed walls, chhatris and intricately carved balconies. Very photogenic from the outside, especially in late afternoon, when the sunlight is golden.


