pt==The most popular tourist attraction in Ladakh, Pangong lake is an endorheic (landlocked) lake situated at 4350 meters. The lake does not remain blue throughout the year or even the day, rather it changes colours from azure to light blue to green and grey too! It is famous amongst tourists as Ladakh lake, the spot where the Bollywood movie "3 Idiots" was shot.

mvt===Set in the arid cold desert of Ladakh, Markha is a stunning river valley in Hemis National Park. The trek through Markha Valley is very picturesque and full of adventure. 

The trek involves many river crossings, some waist-deep, along with taking you to a hight of 17,060ft while crossing the high pass of Kongmaru La. The trail offers some outstanding views of Mt Kang Yatse (21,300 ft). There are also incredible rocky canyons along the trail, as well as plenty of wildlife.


mlll===The Magical Ladakh Tour is one of the best Leh Ladakh tour packages to unravel the mesmeric beauty of the ‘Land of High Passes’. Originating from the scenic locales of Leh, it takes the visitors on a captivating tour to some of the most gorgeous and captivating places to visit in Ladakh.

A 5N/6D tour, the Magical Ladakh Tour will get you acquainted with the spell-binding beauty of Ladakh within a short time, and will also make you yearn for more. If you are planning for a Leh Ladakh tour to explore its pristine and untouched beauty along with its most sought after tourist destinations, this Ladakh tour package is the one for you! In addition to all these, this Magical Ladakh tour also promises the service and guidance of highly experienced and extremely friendly tour guides.



lbt====Talking about the first things first, every biker must give his or her total attention to their first love, which is their bike. One must be very careful and picky when it comes to choosing their Leh Ladakh road trip bike. So whenever you’re choosing a bike for any road trip, make sure you go for suitability more than popularity. Consider it one of the most vital aspects of your Leh Ladakh bike trip plan!

Opting for the kind of bikes that one can easily handle and are easy to maintain, has always proven to be safe, and helpful for the riders for journeys like Leh Ladakh bike trip. Hence, the five best bikes for Leh Ladakh bike trip are:

Royal Enfield – Considered to be the best bike for Leh Ladakh trip, it is a powerful bike with an engine of either 350 CC or 500 CC that is enough to be a lifesaver on a Leh Ladakh bullet trip.
Royal Enfield Himalayan – With a strong engine of 400 CC, Royal Enfield Himalayan will make your ride smooth and hassle-free on any rugged trail and offbeat roads.
Bajaj Pulsar – By far, no bike has been a hit in the Indian market when compared to Bajaj Pulsar. Being the most favored bike after the Bullets, Pulsar offers variants of 150CC, 200CC, and 220CC, either of which can be your trustworthy partner on any of the adventures.
KTM Duke – Being a featherweight bike can be advantageous on roads like that of Ladakh. With the series of new engine variants of Duke 390, and Duke 250, KTM can be a good choice for a bike trip to Ladakh too.
CBR 250 – This bike from Honda is indeed a stunner except for its Contigo tyres which can be a little tough to handle on Ladakh’s terrain in case of a change in weather. On the bright side, if the tyres can be replaced, one can put the bike’s torque and fi technology to great use, and a greater purpose.
Other top bikes for Leh Ladakh trip that the association of bike rentals has taken into consideration are Yamaha Fazer, Bajaj Vikrant, Yamaha FZ, and Hero Impulse. Though these bikes are not so heavy on the engine, they can surely pick up some speed (without breaking any rules) on the go.


SG===Leh-Ladakh, as already mentioned earlier, is a must visit place for all photography lovers – especially, Astro-photographers! The Major reason why Ladakh is a favourite among astrophotographers is because it provides clear night skies to complement the scenic beauty. Cities don’t generally have such pellucid skies owing to the pollution around.












